README.md, before:

# 📊 Collapsible Sidebar Dashboard

This is a **Responsive Fixed Dashboard Layout** with a **Collapsible Sidebar**, **Fixed Topbar**, and **Simple Cards Section**.  
The project is built using **HTML**, **CSS**, **Bootstrap 5**, **Bootstrap Icons**, and **Chart.js**.

---

## 🧾 Project Description

- A fixed sidebar on the left that can be **opened/closed** with a toggle button.
- The sidebar contains navigation links with icons.
- A topbar with a toggle button, dashboard title, bell icon, and profile image.
- A responsive main content area with:
  - **Three cards** showing basic stats (Users, Revenue, Orders)
  - **Chart section** using Chart.js
  - **Profile details section**
  - **Settings section with buttons**

The layout is **fully responsive** for desktop and mobile screens.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Used

- HTML5  
- CSS3  
- Bootstrap 5  
- Bootstrap Icons  
- Chart.js  
- JavaScript (Vanilla)

---

## 📸 Preview

<img width="1920" height="908" alt="collapsible-sidebar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2fd78b99-5176-44db-a65a-567fd13cf325" />

---

## 🚀 How to Run

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Open `index.html` in your browser.
3. Click the **toggle button** to open/close the sidebar.
4. Resize the screen to see responsive behavior.

---

## ✨ Features

- Collapsible sidebar with smooth transition  
- Fixed topbar with icons and profile image  
- Responsive layout (desktop + mobile)  
- Dashboard cards and chart  
- Clean and simple UI

---

## 🧑 Author

**Amna Mehmood**  
Frontend Developer | Designer

📌 GitHub: [https://github.com/Amna7877/Collapsible-Sidebar](#)  
🌐 Live Demo: [https://collapsible-sidebar-dashboard.netlify.app](#)

---

⭐ *If you like this project, don’t forget to star the repo!*

Commit message:

Update README with project information and links
Added project details and links for Elevvo Pathways internship.

README.md, after:

# 📊 Collapsible Sidebar Dashboard
This project is part of my **Elevvo Pathways Internship – Task 1** under the **Frontend Development Track**.  
🔗 Elevvo Pathways: [https://elevvopathways.tech](https://elevvopathways.tech)  
💻 Official Elevvo GitHub: [https://github.com/Elevvo](https://github.com/Elevvo)

---

This is a **Responsive Fixed Dashboard Layout** with a **Collapsible Sidebar**, **Fixed Topbar**, and **Simple Cards Section**.  
The project is built using **HTML**, **CSS**, **Bootstrap 5**, **Bootstrap Icons**, and **Chart.js**.

---

## 🧾 Project Description

- A fixed sidebar on the left that can be **opened/closed** with a toggle button.
- The sidebar contains navigation links with icons.
- A topbar with a toggle button, dashboard title, bell icon, and profile image.
- A responsive main content area with:
  - **Three cards** showing basic stats (Users, Revenue, Orders)
  - **Chart section** using Chart.js
  - **Profile details section**
  - **Settings section with buttons**

The layout is **fully responsive** for desktop and mobile screens.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Used

- HTML5  
- CSS3  
- Bootstrap 5  
- Bootstrap Icons  
- Chart.js  
- JavaScript (Vanilla)

---

## 📸 Preview

<img width="1920" height="908" alt="collapsible-sidebar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2fd78b99-5176-44db-a65a-567fd13cf325" />

---

## 🚀 How to Run

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Open `index.html` in your browser.
3. Click the **toggle button** to open/close the sidebar.
4. Resize the screen to see responsive behavior.

---

## ✨ Features

- Collapsible sidebar with smooth transition  
- Fixed topbar with icons and profile image  
- Responsive layout (desktop + mobile)  
- Dashboard cards and chart  
- Clean and simple UI

---

## 🧑 Author

**Amna Mehmood**  
Frontend Developer | Designer

📌 GitHub: [https://github.com/Amna7877/Collapsible-Sidebar](#)  
📌 LinkedIn:[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:ugcPost:7385991552847884288/](#)
🌐 Live Demo: [https://collapsible-sidebar-dashboard.netlify.app](#)

---

⭐ *If you like this project, don’t forget to star the repo!*
